What is computer virus?
Computer virus refers to a program which damages computer systems and/or destroys or erases data files.

Types of Computer Virus
Time Bomb,Logical Bomb,Worm Virus,Boot Sector Virus,Macros Virus,Script Virus,Trojan Horse

Time Bomb
A time bomb is a virus program that performs an activity on a particular date
Logical Bomb
A logical bomb is a destructive program that performs an activity when a certain action has occurred.
Worm Virus
A worm is also a destructive program that fills a computer system with self-replicating information, clogging the system so that its operations are slowed down or
stopped.
Boot Sector Virus
A boot sector virus infects boot sector of computers. During system boot, boot sector virus is loaded into main memory and destroy data stored in hard disk
Macro Virus
A macro virus is associated with application software like word and excel. When opening the infected document, macro virus is loaded into main memory and destroys
data stored in hard disk
Script Virus
Commonly found script viruses are written using the Visual Basic Scripting edition (VBS) and the JavaScript programming languages
Trojan Horse
Trojan Horse is a destructive program. It usually pretends as computer games or application software. If executed,computer system will be damaged.
Trojan Horse usually comes with monitoring tools and key loggers.

Actions to prevent virus infection:
Always update your anti-virus software at least weekly.
Back up your important files and ensure that they can be restored. 
Change the computer's boot sequence to always start the PC from its hard drive.
Don't share Drive C: without a password and without read-only restrictions.
Forget opening unexpected e-mail attachments, even if they're from friends.
Get trained on your computer's anti￾virus software and use it. 
Have multiple backups of important files. This lowers the chance that all are infected.
Install security updates for your operating system and programs as soon as possible.
Jump at the chance to learn more about your computer.This will help you spot viruses.
